Update the documentation for the automatic code generator (#3447)
GEOS-ESM/MAPL: docs/user_guide/docs/mapl_code_generator.md

## MAPL Automatic Code Generator

Any ESMF gridded component typically requires an Import State and an Export State (if necessary an Internal State too).
Each of the states contains member variables (Fields, Bundles) that need to be registered before they are used.
The number of the those variables can be large and make the declaration process cumbersome
(possibly missing fields) and the declaration section in the code extremely long.

> MAPL has a code generator utility tool (named [MAPL_GridCompSpecs_ACG.py

Reviewer: Maybe it is just me, but this document should lead in with a sentence (or paragraph) about what it is.     And only then jump into why you might want to use it.

> Automatic code generation is the process of using software tools to create code automatically. 
> Code generators automate the creation of source code based on specific inputs (templates, configurations, patterns, etc.).
> This automation reduces manual coding effort, minimizes human error, increases efficiency, 
> helps maintain consistency across software components (having the same coding standard), 
> and improves the code quality.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The automatic code genarator is a tool to automatically generate the appropriate MAPL calls for specifying import/export variables in a GEOS gridcomp.    This automation reduces manual coding effort, minimizes human error, increases efficiency, helps maintain consistency across software components (having the same coding standard), and improves the code quality.

```
